CSS Font Loading API fixes - FF104 (#19990)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fontface/variationsettings/index.md

---
{{APIRef("CSS Font Loading API")}}

The **`variationSettings`** property of the {{domxref("FontFace")}} interface retrieves or sets low-level OpenType or TrueType font variations.

> It is equivalent to the {{cssxref("@font-face/font-variation-settings", "font-variation-settings")}} descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This property is equivalent to the {{cssxref("@font-face/font-variation-settings", "font-variation-settings")}} descriptor.
```
